I don't know. I do remember when we were getting
ready for military review, inspection, and all of
that in the springtime. And we were drilling out
there across from Henderson Hall and the athletes
were giving quite a bit of static to the Corps. And
of course a lot of those guys were in there because
of compulsory ROTC and the draft and everything
else. It seems that night their swimming pool got
blue and they needed to figure out who did it, but
then they had to drain it and then scrape it and so
they didn't get to use their pool. to some people
was Good Bull. I didn't think that was Good Bull,
but, uh, Ben loved the string. Did you have any idea
as to who did it? I think I probably do if, uh, the
guy, because I did get him to join the Century Club
one time, so, uh, uh, it's amazing, too, uh, how
much rank he got in the military, uh, but. What
about, surely there was Good Bull in the dining
hall? There was always Good Bull, you know, the,
uh, Back in the dining hall, and you probably heard
this from other people, but we had both Sabisa and
Duncan, and there was always the duty officer had
to sit at a little table with the officer of the day,
the bull, as we referred to the military officer.
And about once a year we would get a hare, as they'd
say, and on the third wildcat, and I don't know what
it would beat the hell out of with this or that or
what, but the third wildcat, all the biscuits
would come flying at the, at the military officer
and then all hell would break loose and we'd get
restricted and everything else but it was kind of
like when I was back here and retired from the
military working in the commandant's office and I
called the Colonel Scott who's now deceased but
his nickname was the goose and I asked Colonel
Scott if he would come to a mini reunion we were
having for the class 62 and Duncan and he said to me
as serious as it could be they're not going to throw
any of those deals at me again are they you know and
so it is amazing some of the things you did which you
thought was funny you know the of course there was
always the killing deer and skinning them in the
shower and things like that because people used to
go out hunting and things like that, but Everybody
knew somebody but a lot of times the guys that just
go out there in the in the river bottom or out here
mainly going towards Navasota and and we always
had the the students that love to go out on the
weekends and try to get snakes and other wildlife
and it's always fun the getting the armadillos and
painting them up and turning them loose in fact I
guess it was about 72 when the University of Texas
is a joke the students voted to change their name to
the armadillo and the diggum dillas and then at the
football game in Kyle Field all those maroon and
white armadillos got released during the
halftime but Do you know anything about who it was
that caught those? No, wouldn't know anything
about that. No, I really don't, but I can remember
not only did they let them out on the field, but some
of them got released in the stands. Were you back
here then? No, no. Yes, yes, excuse me. I was
working assistant commandant then. Did you have
any idea that it was going to happen? No, oh no,
didn't know. All we remember, we had the little
bumper sticker that the Aggies were giving them
out that said, dig them dillas, and trying to make
fun of Texas. Had a lot of things happen, though. I
think I remember, of course, a lot more when I
worked in the Commandant's office from 70-74 than
I did as a student. You know, you remember such
things as one morning Colonel Parsons and I got a
call to come over to the, and I don't know if we
covered this the last time, but Colonel Parsons
and I got called over to the quad and it seems that
this Texas Ranger was trying to find out who had
kidnapped Bevo and Bevo had been there earlier and
I think John Adams does admit in his book that it was
his squadron that he was CEO of but the thing I
remember more than anything about that morning
was the Texas Ranger had both Colonel Parsons and I
he had our attention because he was talking about
the penalty for cattle rustling and what it could
do to these kids and of course what we were more
interested in is you know You don't want a kid doing
this so-called good bull. You don't want him
getting into trouble. And sure enough, one of the
cadets there spoke up and said, well, Mr. Ranger,
sir, I'm sure we can help you. We don't want
anything to happen to that animal either. And all
of a sudden, the ranger slowed up just a little bit
because the kid was very nicely threatening the
ranger. If you want Bevo back, you better change
your tone. As you recall, how was the return of
Bevo? How did it come about? I think that there was
just some kind of agreement that came out of that,
and then the disciplinary action would be handled
here at the campus. And I can't remember what
actually happened. Larry Williams was the person
working discipline then in the Commandant's
office, but I don't think it amounted to anything.
John Adams would definitely be able to tell you on
that. Somebody, and I've forgotten who it was that
I interviewed, was a part of the group coming back
from Austin with them and they had a flat and a
highway patrolman stopped and he said this
interviewee said that in hindsight he felt
certain that the highway patrolman was aware of
what was going on but he helped them get their flat
fixed. Well you know there was the one time when
they A&M stole Bevo and rented a trailer over in
Austin, which wasn't too smart to you all. We had
another one one morning when we got called over to
Dorm 9, which was the band dorm, and somebody had
filled all of the commodes on one end with cement in
them, and thank goodness it wasn't quick drying.
We were able to get the physical plant over there,
but this is just one of those typical games between
one of the core units and the band. But this is
usually not what you call good bull when it starts
running into money like that. As you think back
about all of the pranks that we would call good
bull, do you remember any that resulted in real
damage that cost money or physical? In the dining
hall. There have been sometimes when they've had
food fights that really would cause a lot of
expense. I can remember I guess it was the early 70,
70, 71 when we had one and then the outfits had to pay
for the cash register which completely got ruined
and you know it could really get carried away with
just like water fights all of a sudden is what it
would seem like it turned into. During your
student days of the campus organization, other
than the Corps, which ones do you think were held in
the highest regard, like the band, MSC
activities, singing cadets, and so forth? Well, I
think the singing cadets, definitely, if you're
talking about being respected by the student
body, back in my days, we had a lot of the kids in the
Corps that were in the singing cadets. And now it's
very, very tough for a young man to be in the singing
cadets because you're away from the Corps and
there's just not... I don't know, I would
guesstimate there might not be but three or four in
there to start with. So I don't see the singing
cadets now having that recognition and praise
that they deserve. I've often wondered why can't
the young men and women in the Corps especially
strive to have more students involved in, more
Corps students involved in the student
government the singing cadets or you could just go
right on into some of the vocal groups women's
choir or others you know but I think I think the MSC
was very very well respected and I think also our
the rodeo club was in my days was was very respected
in because we had a lot of students majoring in
agriculture and silence sirloin this but now I
don't know that you hear much about the What did you
and your buddies, when you were an undergraduate,
what did you and your buddies really think about
the band? Oh, I think we started off being
brainwashed. If you weren't in the band, you know,
we'd be in the dining hall, and then they'd say,
beat the hell out of the Air Force, and the Army
would jump up, and then beat the hell out of the Army
and the Air Force, and then somebody would say,
beat the hell out of the band, and everybody except
the band would jump up. And they made fun of the
band, but I think really when you get down to it, you
really respected them because they weren't your
typical high school band students that you tend to
remember from, especially a small high school,
because most of them would always tend to dominate
a lot of the intramural sports, which in my days,
probably the most important thing was who was the
Class A champion or the Class B champion in sports.
And in the intramurals in your day, name the
various sports you can recall. Well, I ended up
living intramurals and ended up being senior
intramural manager. But I think that the
important thing back then The points for the flag,
whether you were civilian or were you a freshman or
you were upperclassmen corps, intramural flag
was probably the most important thing and points
for General Moore intramurals had a good portion
of the total points system. And ping pong counted
just as much as flag football. Our softball in our
days it was fast pitch softball and there were some
tremendous athletes. We had a lot of people, for an
example, that were not, when they came here, were
small or were not big enough to play varsity
sports. But after about three years of eating in
Sabisa and dunking and working out all the time,
they were tremendous athletes. We played
basketball, we had ping pong, we had horseshoes,
we had volleyball, we had tennis. Our track was
more of an open track. I remember right it didn't
count for the intramural points, but we had open
golf. But your ping pong, tennis, football,
basketball, bowling counted also just as much.
And each outfit in the corps or the civilian dorms
had an athletic officer, athletic sergeant. And
you did not cancel or fail to show up for a match. As
you look back on that, what was significant in the
long run for the young participants in
intramurals? Well, I think probably what was the
long run, it was important. I know when I came back
here, and had been here for a good while, and who you
know, Dean Adams out at the vet school, came up to me
one night at a reception, and one of the first
things he said, I was a Junior in the outfit when he
was freshman, and he was real good at that fact he
won the intramurals high hurdle and But he came to
me He said but did you know we won class a football
the year you left and I said I didn't know they had
now here's a very distinguished professor and
everything but he knew what was important back
then and I think that might be a little bit of an
example it taught us two or three things it taught
us of course winnings important, but We also
learned how to lose, but even more, most of these
were team efforts. And you had to practice, and
intramurals were probably more important than
anything. You got away from the so-called core
crap or the class crap when you got out there. Most
of the people that came out in the outfits,
especially upperclassmen, worked with the
underclassmen. It was a time to be just a... relive
those high school days. And again, a lot of the kids
that played intramurals were not able to play in
the 4A schools, which were the largest back then,
but they got down here and they were studs. Of all of
the individual student offices or positions,
which ones had the highest prestige when you were
an Aggie undergraduate? I think speaking from the
Corps, company commander was the most
prestigious position you could have, even though
a lot of people say, well, you're on staff or you're
Corps commander. But a lot of people say, well, if
you can't be Corps commander, you can do more good
being the company commander because you are the
boss. And you have a chance to influence a lot of
people. So I think from around the campus, if you
ask, in my days, we had a lot of students here. We
probably had 7,000 students. And when you think
that you only have 72 coming into the RVs each year,
that's a small portion of the student body. So it
was a respected, but not now like it is where a good
portion of that junior class is going to be in the
RVs. And being Corps commander had more prestige
than being student body president. Oh, I think so.
I think so. I think you can just look at today and see
the commandant of cadets, you know. I mean, when
you look at salary range, what the person makes and
everything, but the person that comes in here,
that is a very respected position, and it brings a
lot of benefits with it. Were you aware when you
were a student that secret fraternities existed?
I'd heard it, but I didn't know anything about it.
Had you heard that there was one or more than one?
Just one. And of course, over the years, you hear
about everything from the TTs to the sticks and all
of that. I can truthfully say that I... didn't
believe it, you know, and as a student, you know,
the mole men were another group you heard
mentioned, but then as years go on and you come back
here, you find out that, hey, maybe this did exist,
you know. Turn it back on. Okay. Home for you... It
was Jacksboro, Texas, which was... How did you get
to and from Jacksboro? I hitchhiked the entire
time. And normally that took about how long?
Normally, normally I would say you would leave
here, you could plan on six hours roughly,
although sometimes it took a lot longer and I can
only remember one time being picked up and the
entire trip without having to get out. You made a
non-stop? Non-stop one time, yeah. But I will tell
you, though, Haskell, that the interesting
thing, though, back then, even though
hitchhiking, though, we all talked like we
hitchhiked more than we really did. We had
hometown clubs. We were very active in them. And
the people from Jacksboro, we tended to belong to
Wichita Falls because anybody going to Wichita
Falls had to go through Jacksboro, basically.
Now, if you shared a ride with somebody else in the
car, was it... known from the beginning that
everybody would share in paying for the gas? I
think it I think it depended on who the
upperclassmen was and if they had if they had money
some of them would hustle rides for that and then
there were others that would not charge you you
know and especially if you were a freshman It was
customary, you know, you get 15 miles off campus, I
believe it was 15 miles, then you dropped handles.
Well, I'll never forget, there was one guy that was
head yell leader for a while my freshman year,
Smokey Hyde, and then Smokey got relieved, but
Smokey wouldn't drop handles, you know. You
caught your ride out at Eastgate from here? If you
were hitchhiking, yes, you'd go out to Eastgate,
and then we, of course, just like the old story,
you'd get in line, The problem that we had, being
from Jacksboro, and there were five of us, and one
had a car, but if we were going, we'd have to go from
Waco to Stephenville on Highway 6, go that way, or
really to HICO. And then six cuts off, we'd go on up
281 to Stephenville. But you get out in that part of
that open country and it becomes night, it's hard
to catch a ride. But if you went to Fort Worth, then
you'd get out and you'd have to get out to the
Jacksboro Highway, which meant lots of times
you'd have to carry your bag for about a mile, mile
and a half, just walk across there. And how did you
learn where was the best place to get the ride in
Fort Worth? Well, yeah, well, get out on the... get
out on the Jack Sparrow Highway. That was just the
normal pass down. As you say word of mouth,
somebody would tell you what to do. But the biggest
problem that you had was if you ever tried to
hitchhike and not wear your uniform. Because if
you wore your uniform, and we all had the old
suitcase with the block T, as they say on it, and
people pick you up and Now, you might end up in that
240 miles with 10 rides. You know, that's because
an old farmer will see you. You know, and they stop
and carry you. You may be just going 10 miles down
the way. All right, share with the machine some.
some hitchhiking stories funny serious well we uh
we'd laugh a lot today you know sometimes you uh you
might get picked up in a in a new cadillac and then
the next thing you know the next car you're riding
in the back of an old truck the problem is sometimes
it's pretty darn hot or pretty darn cool
especially if you're trying to get back in the fall
for a hometown football game. We had drill on
Saturdays, so it made it pretty rough. It had to be
something special, so you had that opportunity to
go home. So you didn't go home very much, but
I guess only one time in the five years I was in
college I ever rode with somebody where I was about
halfway scared. You know, just kind of a weird,
weird person. Were they driving too fast? No, no,
you just thought something was a little strange
about this person, you know. And then you didn't
worry about the people that were picking you up
just like they didn't worry really about the
people they were picking up, especially if we had
uniforms on, you know, and everybody... Some of
the stories you'd be you know, whether you in the
military, but most of them in Texas and you because
from From here to Waco for an example You didn't
have a lot of people that didn't know about Texas
A&M driving on on highway 6 You threw a lot of rocks
at fence posts. So Gary Halter and I have thrown a
lot of rocks at fence posts together Oh,
yes, I mean at times I There's a couple of times when
you're coming back and you'd pull into what was
East Gate. Back then you could see Dorm 1 and Dorm 2
and in conversation they'd usually ask, where do
you live? You just say over there and they'd drive
over there and drop you off. And I've had people
that were going out of their way when you
especially get up in the North Texas area that
would go 30 miles out of the way to drop you off there
in your hometown. I've also been dropped off at
Bowie when they were supposed to be going through
Jacksboro and maybe they got into the cider
somewhere and then, you know, you really get home
late, you know. And how did you and your buddies get
dates?
Well, I think I can remember one episode that I'm
sure a lot of people have told you about that go into
my post office box and dear 5611, I'm 5611 and this
was from Tessie and of course we had a court trip
every year either TCU or SMU and A lot of blind dates
and no telling how many marriages came about or
marriages to their friends, but there were a lot of
dates. Most of the time, somebody knew somebody in
a dorm or a sorority, and we would have
group parties in Austin or Huntsville or
something like that. I know we had one my junior
year. We had one freshman, Fish Duncan, Eddie
Duncan had a blind date with Linda Bird Johnson.
She was a senior in high school and
that was an interesting time because again LBJ,
all the way with LBJ was the slogan. In fact, I
remember the Baylor game, my Baylor game. my
junior year when we were playing, we were off the
subject, but we were playing Baylor and Waco and
this plane came over and dropped these leaflets
and that's when Lyndon Johnson was running for
both Vice President and Senator and the leaflets
said, don't be half safe and you opened it up and it
said, strike LBJ twice. But anyway, back on the
blind dates, back on the blind dates, everybody
either had a sister or their girlfriend wanted to
fix somebody up and it was not hard to get a date from
the standpoint of a weekend or something and
because a lot of guys didn't want because so many
guys didn't have any money you know they worked and
and uh to come to school and so uh there was always
the opportunity to have a date with someone this uh
outfitmate that had the blind date with Linda
Berg. Was this in Austin? It was in Austin. She was
visiting a friend for the year ahead of her as a
freshman in this sorority at Texas and so we ended
up, we must have had 25, 30 guys go over there and had
dates with sorority. We did this a lot to
Huntsville. dorms, just different places.
Houston, the nursing, there was always somebody
that was going with a nurse at Houston, so if it was
Rice or the Houston game, there'd be 15 of those
nurses and What did this guy say about the date? You
remember? Oh, Linda Berg? I don't know. What I do
remember, which I don't know if it can be printed,
but what was funny the next morning, or Monday
morning, is the only time I've ever heard the term
freshman fart off. You know, you did not make fun of
freshmen. That was just, you could, upper class,
now freshmen could, but one of the upperclassmen
had a freshman go down and blow the whistle and
said, fish Duncan went all the way with LBJ, you
know. Which was not true, I know, but still. But we
did have a lot of opportunities, no matter what.
Now, the girls in College Station and Bryan, that
was another story. Unless you happened to have a
guy in your outfit that was going with one, and then
that could open up the door to maybe have a date with
a local girl. There weren't that many. There were
not that many, and most of them did not even think
about dating, unless they met them at church. And
that was the best way for somebody to actually get
to know good families and get to know... Did you go
to church here? I went to the Methodist church here
over A&M Methodist. Describe their...
A&M student activity? Well, they had the MYL, and
the problem that I had my freshman year, I was in
dorm two, the other side of the campus, and I
usually didn't go on Sunday night. I'd try to go
Sunday. I came down here, started my freshman
year, I had 12 years perfect attendance in Sunday
school, so I did go to Sunday, didn't go to the...
Down here as much as I should have, but again, I
tried to go on Sunday mornings. But did you go on
Sunday night much? Not much, mainly because of CQ
and the dorm, and there were people like Bo that was
a little more active in MYF and things. Was
religious emphasis week still going here when you
were a student? I've got to admit, I don't
remember. I'll tell you, I think it was very
interesting in the core of the outfits. I was in the
pre-vet outfit, and I think we had a pretty strong
Christian base in that outfit. Most of the people
were were just really good people. Now some of the
outfits were pretty crude, pretty raunchy, a lot
of filth, and I think the unit that I was in the
entire time Pretty darn clean cut. I can remember
when I was a freshman, upperclassmen coming in and
they had a raffle. And it went from one to a dollar.
And the numbers one to a hundred. And if you won
first prize, it was a trip to LaGrange. Second
prize would be a fifth of scotch. So when you figure
it out, those guys took in $50. And I'll never
forget John Sullivan and Robert Davidson. They
were from Galveston, next room. They made us all
enter. And we were all hoping. and praying that we
didn't get the LaGrange trip, you know, even
though there were a lot of guys, or we'd go over
there every weekend. But I remember,
interesting, John Sullivan drew a one had to pay a
penny and then they drew again and he got a two. So we
still laugh about that today. In fact, John and his
brother support the General Moore Award now to
this day. But I think that
we had a number of guys in my outfit that went to
church and I always remember when I was having a
problem as freshmen academically and everything
else, and this sophomore who I thought was about
halfway mean came in one night and knew I was having
problems, and he started talking to me and said,
well, have you considered praying about it? And
then all of a sudden, you know, I'd been here about a
month and a half, and then I saw this guy as human,
you know. For the first month and a half, I hated
every upperclassman, you know.
If you had a date here on campus to a football game or
something or other, Where did you and your buddies
take your dates after that event? Well, most of the
time there was not a lot of places to go out here to
Franklin's. in my days you could go out to you could
go out there you go to a movie the places like that
but there just wasn't a lot of places to go out you
know I guess if if you find the people that did drink
a lot and went out and this and that they probably
went to different places you know but there just
wasn't a lot of wasn't a lot of places probably the
most interesting place to go and you'd never take a
date was to Guyon Hall to the movies here, you know,
because of all the wisecracks, but. Yeah, as
student indulgences, what were the folks you knew
about, what were they drinking? Oh, most people
when I was in school, it was beer. You know, every
once in a while they'd talk about if you were having
a big event or something, you'd go out here to
Whiskey Bridge, to Jones Bridge, you know, and
they'd buy something or get somebody to buy. But
beer was the, and that was before the keg beer as
such, you know. But beer seemed to be the drinking.
What brands were they drinking? Well, there was
definitely Jackson Pearl back then, you know, and
you had Slits. Was Shiner popular? Shiner was, I
never remember Shiner being popular here. Of
course, it had its popularity in Texas and then
later. But I've got to tell you, I'm probably the
wrong guy to be talking to because I just went in the
Dixie Chicken for the first time about two years
ago for a chicken fried steak. And smoking, what
were people smoking? I remember every outfit
would have a guy that gave away the three little
cartons of cigarettes, a little four or five to it.
And I remember it seemed like Lucky Strikes and
Camels were about the two I remember because I
didn't smoke. And almost nobody smoked a pipe.
There would be, it was a junior privilege to smoke a
pipe in the mess hall, dining hall, but very few
people did it, or a cigar. senior privilege. I
can't remember if it was junior or senior, but it
may have been a senior privilege. I believe it was a
senior privilege to smoke a cigar in the dining
hall, except on the very formal one night when all
the waiters would sell cigars at the table. Even
freshmen could smoke. And then didn't sometimes
it, was it in a football game or at Yale practice
that some group smoked cigars? It probably was. I
don't remember that. Again, all of this kind of
goes back to what outfits and did. I think if I
remember right, it was a sophomore privilege
either to chew gum on campus or maybe a junior
privilege to smoke cigarettes on campus. Did you
and your buddies even know the word marijuana no no
no i know my first trip to vietnam is when i first
started seeing problems with marijuana and that
was in 66 and then when i went back in 68 i saw that
heroin had become a serious problem with the young
gis But I don't remember we remember you hear
people talk about it, but I don't ever remember
hearing anybody having problems in the 58 through
60. I'm sure they did but I don't didn't know
anybody